---
date: "2019-02-22"
author: "Admin"
title: "UNESCO Mobile Learning Week 4-8 March 2019"
categories: ["GDL information", "GDL events"]
---

[UNESCO Mobile Learning Week](https://en.unesco.org/mlw) will take place on March 4-8, 2019 at UNESCO Headquarters in Paris.
The event convenes education and technology experts from around the world. Some 1000 participants have already registered for the event that provides the educational community, governments and other stakeholders a unique opportunity to discuss the role of Artificial Intelligence (AI) for sustainable development.

## The Global Digital Library – prototyping new reading experiences with AI

The GDL project will host a workshop and speak at the conference. We are looking forward to seeing you all there.

Time: March 6, 16.30-18.00.

Place: Room 3 at the conference venue

In this workshop the Global Digital Library team will demonstrate how artificial intelligence (AI) can be used to create new reading experiences, using Google Voice Assistant to facilitate a simple conversation between the end-user and the GDL platform.

The workshop will also include a live demo of the GDL platform and its localization capabilities, and participants will get the opportunity to test the translation of books on the platform.

The workshop will be organized in collaboration with the Global Book Alliance and All Children Reading. [The Global Book Alliance](http://globalbookalliance.org/) (GBA) was created with the aim of ensuring that all children can access the books they need to learn to read by 2030. Alliance Steering Committee members include major global education stakeholders such as UNICEF, UNESCO, USAID, DFID, Norad and the World Bank.

Leading the charge to ensure greater access to reading materials is the GBA’s flagship initiative, the [Global Digital Library](https://home.digitallibrary.io/) (GDL). The GDL collects existing high quality open educational reading resources, and makes them available on web, mobile and for print. The GDL offers resources in 23 languages, and by end 2020 the platform will offer at least 100 languages. The GDL facilitates translation and localization of GDL-resources to more than 300 languages.

**Agenda for the workshop:**

- Welcome, Liv Marte Nordhaug – Norad
- Demo of the GDL platform, Christer Gundersen – GDL
- Demo of translation
- Workshop participants trying out translation into their languages.
